Xsoar-Ng - Widgets - Scripts - hidden (#27694)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonWidgets/ReleaseNotes/1_2_23.md

#### Scripts

> - ***Breaking Change:*** Removed the ***GetLargestInvestigations*** pack.
> - ***Breaking Change:*** Removed the ***GetLargestInputsAndOuputsInIncidents*** pack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ***Breaking Change:*** Widget ***GetLargestInvestigations*** was removed from this pack.
- ***Breaking Change:*** Widget ***GetLargestInputsAndOuputsInIncidents*** was removed from this pack.
```
